README.md, before:

# My Browser Home

Customizable home page for browser.

Made with Sveltekit, data stored in localStorage, multilingual.

## Features

### Shortcuts

- Shortcuts management (add, edit, remove).
- Multilingual.

### Settings
- Open links in a new tab.
- Select favicon provider.
> Available providers :
`IconsHorse (default)`
`Google`
`Duckduckgo`
`Unavatar`
`Allesedv`
`Clearbit`
`Besticon`
`Faviconkit`
`Getfavicon`
- Select language.
> Available languages :
`English (default)` `French`


## Installation

### Firefox

- Install [Custom New Tab Page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/custom-new-tab-page/) extension.
- In `Manage Extension` > `Preferences`, add the following url : [`https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/`](https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/)
- Check the option `Force links to open in the top frame`, a popup will show up to allow permissions. This option permit links to be opened in the current tab, otherwise, you can make links open in a new tab in My Browser Home settings to avoid Firefox error.
- Save the settings.

Now you will see `My Browser Home` page when you open a new tab.

- Additionally, you can set up the home page for new windows and startup page in the Firefox settings.

### Google Chrome & other Chromium-based browsers

- Install [New Tab Redirect](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-tab-redirect/icpgjfneehieebagbmdbhnlpiopdcmna) extension.
- In extension options, add [`https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/`](https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/) in `Redirect URL` and click on `save` button.

Now you will see `My Browser Home` page when you open a new tab or a new window.

Commit message:

[feat] Replace shortcut menu by a context menu + [refactor] Rename persistent settings + [refactor] $settings.openShortcutInNewTab default value is now `false`

README.md, after:

# My Browser Home

Customizable home page for browser.

Made with Sveltekit, data stored in localStorage, multilingual.

## Features

### Shortcuts

- Shortcuts management (add, edit, remove).
- Multilingual.

### Settings

- Open links in a new tab.
- Select favicon provider.
  > Available providers :
  > `IconsHorse (default)` > `Google` > `Duckduckgo` > `Unavatar` > `Allesedv` > `Clearbit` > `Besticon` > `Faviconkit` > `Getfavicon`
- Select language.
  > Available languages :
  > `English (default)` `French`

## Installation

### Firefox

- Install [Custom New Tab Page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/custom-new-tab-page/) extension.
- In `Manage Extension` > `Preferences`, add the following url : [`https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/`](https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/)
- Check the option `Force links to open in the top frame`, a popup will show up to allow permissions. This option permit links to be opened in the current tab, otherwise, you can make links open in a new tab in My Browser Home settings to avoid Firefox error.
- Save the settings.

Now you will see `My Browser Home` page when you open a new tab.

- Additionally, you can set up the home page for new windows and startup page in the Firefox settings.

### Google Chrome & other Chromium-based browsers

- Install [New Tab Redirect](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-tab-redirect/icpgjfneehieebagbmdbhnlpiopdcmna) extension.
- In extension options, add [`https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/`](https://my-custom-browser-home.vercel.app/) in `Redirect URL` and click on `save` button.

Now you will see `My Browser Home` page when you open a new tab or a new window.


## Usage
### Add a new shortcut
Click on the plus `+` button.

### Edit or remove a shortcut
Right click on any shortcut to edit or remove it.
